-----News-----
https://www.archlinux.org/feeds/news/
-----Games-----
https://www.epicbundle.com/feed/ Gaming
https://blog.counter-strike.net/index.php/feed/ Gaming
https://www.steamprices.com/us/rss/free.xml Gaming
_______________
---Youtubers---
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXuqSBlHAE6Xw-yeJA0Tunw Techtubers LinusMediaGroup # ltt
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdBK94H6oZT2Q7l0-b0xmMg Techtubers LinusMediaGroup
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQkd05iAYed2-LOmhjzDG6g Techtubers 	# Lowspecgamer
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChIs72whgZI9w6d6FhwGGHA Techtubers 	# Gamers Nexus
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjr2bPAyPV7t35MvcgT3W8Q Privacy 		# Hated one
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCq6VFHwMzcMXbuKyG7SQYIg Commentary 	# Cr1tikal
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtMVHI3AJD4Qk4hcbZnI9ZQ Commentary 	# SomeOrdinaryGamers
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeeFfhMcJa1kjtfZAGskOCA Techtubers News 	# Techlinked
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjgpFI5dU-D1-kh9H1muoxQ Technology 	# Hacksmith
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmbP0Q_L9NzAQDz8voa4ZTw Commedy 		# Carson
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2mP7il3YV7TxM_3m6U0bwA Commedy 		# Jschlatt
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvAKhh5gObciSL1fPweW_Ig Commedy		# Lunch Club
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCr3cBLTYmIK9kY0F_OdFWFQ Commedy 		# Casually explained
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCR1D15p_vdP3HkrH8wgjQRw Commedy 		# internet historian
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtb8P4rf_1n8KS8eZk_lNNw Commedy 		# fitz
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHXJ0dhS3NpTBFg7lR_5w8Q Commedy 		# also fitz
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsnGwSIHyoYN0kiINAGUKxg Linux 		# Wolfgang
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7YOGHUfC1Tb6E4pudI9STA Linux 		# Mental outlaw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDmXLiZTBaFuCOXjy6mdw5w Linux		# Flighless Mango
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpFcHE36IoySjYj1Rytxyog Gaming 		# Warowl
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVWhVAZwCdQsPZL-mDLcxPQ Gaming		# Whitelight
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtQ3NfmlxDDWyhfxxgOsJhA Gaming		# Frost
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtHaxi4GTYDpJgMSGy7AeSw Commedy 		# Micheal Reeves
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFLwN7vRu8M057qJF8TsBaA Commedy 		# Upisnotjump
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9PIn6-XuRKZ5HmYeu46AIw Documentary 	# Barely sociable
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCr_Q-bPpcw5fJ-Oow1BW1NQ Documentary	# Kraut
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2eYFnH61tmytImy1mTYvhA Linux 		# Luke smith
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsXVk37bltHxD1rDPwtNM8Q Educational 	# Kurzgesagt
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2C_jShtL725hvbm1arSV9w Educational	# CGP Grey
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCimiUgDLbi6P17BdaCZpVbg Educational 	# Exurbia
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBa659QWEk1AI4Tg--mrJ2A Educational	# Tom Scott
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmu9PVIZBk-ZCi-Sk2F2utA Kliksphilip 	# 3
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEKJKJ3FO-9SFv5x5BzyxhQ Kliksphilip 	# 2
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0a8nteER_pU4Aj6hmEyJAQ Kliksphilip	# 1
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbWcXB0PoqOsAvAdfzWMf0w Educational	# Fredrik Knudsen
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCf5POn4NNKIIGmXOu6qhbsQ Documentary	# Inside A Mind
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVeW9qkBjo3zosnqUbG7CFw Hacking		# John Hammond
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0fDG3byEcMtbOqPMymDNbw Gaming		# Noclip
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4nJnJ-HO5vVbGlJ14rf5yg Gaming		# Desinc
________________
----Peertube----
https://videos.lukesmith.xyz/feeds/videos.xml?accountId=3
_______________
-----Music-----
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCidHqC_wBxUYY7JfPXzuTbQ Music
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzbDko3wvXoGbbwC_9Sn7yg Music



# TEMPLATE: https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBa659QWEk1AI4Tg--mrJ2A
